# BurntPix Gas Benchmarks

BurntPix Gas Benchmarks is a test case for Nethermind's [Gas Benchmarks](https://github.com/NethermindEth/gas-benchmarks) framework, which measures the gas processing speed of different clients.

BurntPix is inspired by the [BurntPix Benchmark - EVM killer 2.0](https://github.com/karalabe/burntpix-benchmark), which consumes trillions of gas to generate an image.

The BurntPix test case data is in the [./testburnt](./testburnt) folder, and the benchmark task will use this test case to generate the benchmark results.

You can run the BurntPix test case using this command. This command depends on the installation steps of [Nethermind's Gas Benchmarks prerequisites](https://github.com/NethermindEth/gas-benchmarks?tab=readme-ov-file#prerequisites), so you need to prepare them before running the BurntPix Gas Benchmarks.

```
./run.sh \
  -t "testburnt/" \
  -w "./testburntwarm/warm.txt" \
  -c "nethermind,erigon,geth,reth,besu" \
  -r 8 \
  -o "results"
```

## Generate Test Case

The BurntPix Benchmark has two input parameters: `image seed` and `iteration count` to generate an image. All the test cases are generated by the same `image seed`.

```js
const seed = 0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000;
```

The `iteration count` information is recorded in the [./teststore](./teststore) folder. The filename contains the parameter value and the actual consumed gas total information. For example, the file [./teststore/Burnt/f_90M.txt](./teststore/Burnt/f_90M.txt) indicates the use of `iteration count`:

```js
const iteration = 0x000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000f;
```

This iteration count finally uses 90M gas.

Due to Nethermind's Gas Benchmarks framework requiring test cases to use the same filename as the same test case, those record files were renamed to [./testburnt](./testburnt).
